20_2 TreeList multiple selection demo: rewrite (#774)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/TreeList/MultipleRowSelection/description.md

> This demo sets **selection**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode) to *"multiple"*. This allows users to select multiple rows using checkboxes or keyboard shortcuts.  Note that the default selection mode is non-recursive, that is, only the clicked row is selected. To allow users to select the dependent rows, set **selection**.[recursive](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#recursive) to **true**. In this demo, you can use the control under the TreeList to toggle this mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This demo enables the *"multiple"* **selection**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode). This mode allows users to select multiple rows using checkboxes or keyboard shortcuts.

The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. If you want to disable it, set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false**.
```

> Click the checkbox in the leftmost column header to select all rows. If you do not need this default feature, set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple selection mode is non-recursive (when a row is selected, nested rows remain unselected). If users should select rows recursively, set the **selection**.[recursive](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#recursive) property to **true**. In this demo, you can use the checkbox under the TreeList to toggle this property.
```

> The TreeList has an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API) article. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TreeList includes an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API) article.
```

> This demo enables the *"multiple"* **selection**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode). This mode allows users to select multiple rows using checkboxes or keyboard shortcuts.

Reviewer 2: 1. Normally, we don't use articles with modes (just the way you did below).
2. I would have avoided "using" if possible.
```suggestion
This demo enables *"multiple"* **selection**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode). This mode allows users to press keyboard shortcuts or click checkboxes to select multiple rows.
```

> This demo enables *"multiple"* **selection**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode). This mode allows users to press keyboard shortcuts or click checkboxes to select multiple rows.

Reviewer 3: `**selection**.[mode]`

Is the period in between the two words a typo? For example, do you mean:

`**selection** [mode]`

Author: The dot is there to denote this property: https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#mode.

> The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. If you want to disable it, set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false**.

Reviewer 2: >The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. If you want to disable **it**, set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false**.

I understand, "it" refers to "the checkbox" in your second sentence. However, this does not look quite clear.

```suggestion
The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. You can set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false** to disable the checkbox.
```

> The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. You can set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false** and thus disable the checkbox.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The checkbox in the leftmost column header selects all rows. You can set the [allowSelectAll](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#allowSelectAll) property to **false** to disable the checkbox.
```

> Multiple selection mode is non-recursive (when a row is selected, nested rows remain unselected). If users should select rows recursively, set the **selection**.[recursive](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#recursive) property to **true**. In this demo, you can use the checkbox under the TreeList to toggle this property.

Reviewer 2: TreeList is your component's name, you need no articles with it. If you want to preserve the definite article, add "component" to TreeList.

```suggestion
Multiple selection mode is non-recursive (when a row is selected, nested rows remain unselected). If users should select rows recursively, set the **selection**.[recursive](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxTreeList/Configuration/selection/#recursive) property to **true**. In this demo, you can use the checkbox under TreeList to toggle this property.
```

> The TreeList includes an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API) article.

Reviewer 2: Likewise, no need for an article here.

```suggestion
TreeList includes an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API) article.
```

> TreeList includes an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API) article.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
TreeList includes an API to select multiple rows. For details, refer to the following article: [Selection API](/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/TreeList/Selection/#API).
```
